docs: convert Ivy opt-in doc to opt-out (#31858)
angular/angular: aio/content/guide/ivy.md

# Opting out of Angular Ivy

Ivy is the code name for Angular's [next-generation compilation and rendering pipeline](https://blog.angular.io/a-plan-for-version-8-0-and-ivy-b3318dfc19f7). 

> Starting with Angular version 9, Ivy is the default compiler.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting with Angular version 9, Ivy compilation and rendering pipeline is enabled by default.
```

Reviewer 2: done

> Ivy is the code name for Angular's [next-generation compilation and rendering pipeline](https://blog.angular.io/a-plan-for-version-8-0-and-ivy-b3318dfc19f7). Starting with Angular version 9, using Ivy is the default but you can choose to opt out to instead use View Engine, the previous rendering and compilation pipeline up to version 8.

Author: Done, except that I replaced `will be removed after version 11` with `will be removed at a later date` because it's not 100% clear when that will happen now.

> The previous rendering and compilation pipeline, View Engine, is deprecated in version 9, and will be removed at a later date.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The previous compilation and rendering pipeline, View Engine, is deprecated in version 9, and will be removed at a later date.
```

Reviewer 2: done

>    View Engine support is deprecated and will be removed after version 11. We encourage all users to move to Ivy.

Author: @IgorMinar is deprecation the correct term here? 

Should we indicate a specific version for when VE will be gone, a range, or just say that it will be gone after the deprecation period?

> </div>

Author: Removed

> To update an existing project to out-out of Ivy, set the `enableIvy` option in the `angularCompilerOptions` in your project's `tsconfig.json` to `false`.

Author: Done

```json
{
  "compilerOptions": { ... },
  "angularCompilerOptions": {
    "enableIvy": false
  }
}
```

> AOT compilation with View Engine is slower and should not be used for development in large projects. In the `angular.json` workspace configuration file, set the default build options for your project to not AOT compilation.

Reviewer 3: This is confusing -- isn't NOT using AOT the default for dev? Is that also changed when Ivy is the default compiler? Perhaps: 

AOT compilation with Ivy is faster than with View Engine, and can be used for development. If you opt out of Ivy, AOT compilation will be slower, and should not be used for development in large projects. When Ivy is disabled for a large project, make sure that the `"aot"` build option in that project configuration is not set.

Author: Changed to your suggestion, it is much clearer.
